#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
accelerate==1.6.0
    # via transformers
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.18
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.5
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==24.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
audiomentations==0.41.0
    # via -r requirements.in
audioread==3.0.1
    # via librosa
babel==2.17.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via pip-tools
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   numpy-minmax
    #   numpy-rms
    #   soundfile
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   pip-tools
    #   wandb
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   build
    #   click
    #   ipython
    #   tqdm
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
datasets[audio]==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   evaluate
debugpy==1.8.14
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   librosa
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dill==0.4.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   multiprocess
docker-pycreds==0.4.0
    # via wandb
evaluate==0.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fonttools==4.57.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2024.12.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via wandb
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via jupyterlab
huggingface-hub==0.31.1
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
ipython==8.36.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   torch
joblib==1.5.0
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.12.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.23.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.12.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.4.2
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.15
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via librosa
librosa==0.11.0
    # via
    #   audiomentations
    #   datasets
llvmlite==0.44.0
    # via numba
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.10.3
    # via -r requirements.in
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.1.3
    # via nbconvert
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via librosa
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.18
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
notebook==7.4.2
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numba==0.61.2
    # via librosa
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   audiomentations
    #   contourpy
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   librosa
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   numpy-minmax
    #   numpy-rms
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   soxr
    #   transformers
numpy-minmax==0.4.0
    # via audiomentations
numpy-rms==0.5.0
    # via audiomentations
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   build
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   lazy-loader
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   pooch
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pillow==11.2.1
    # via matplotlib
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   pooch
    #   wandb
pooch==1.8.2
    # via librosa
prometheus-client==0.21.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==5.29.4
    # via wandb
psutil==6.1.1
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   ipykernel
    #   wandb
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==18.1.0
    # via datasets
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.4
    # via wandb
pydantic-core==2.34.1
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via matplotlib
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==3.3.0
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pywin32==308
    # via jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.15
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   terminado
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
pyzmq==26.4.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2024.11.6
    # via transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   pooch
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via librosa
scipy==1.15.3
    # via
    #   audiomentations
    #   librosa
    #   scikit-learn
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
sentry-sdk==2.27.0
    # via wandb
setproctitle==1.3.6
    # via wandb
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   docker-pycreds
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soundfile==0.13.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   librosa
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
soxr==0.5.0.post1
    # via
    #   audiomentations
    #   datasets
    #   librosa
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
sympy==1.13.3
    # via torch
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via nbconvert
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via transformers
torch==2.5.1
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   torchaudio
    #   transformers
torchaudio==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tornado==6.4.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
transformers[torch]==4.47.1
    # via -r requirements.in
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20241206
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   librosa
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   torch
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
wandb==0.19.11
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
wheel==0.45.1
    # via pip-tools
widgetsnbextension==4.0.14
    # via ipywidgets
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
